MESH TECHNICAL ALPHA — START HERE

This is a consented technical-alpha build. It is sealed and checksum-verifiable, but it is not
signed with an Apple Developer ID and is not notarized. Do not disable Gatekeeper or remove
quarantine metadata.

1. You should be reading this guide from the folder created when you expanded the one received
   Mesh-alpha-<revision>-macos-<architecture>-delivery.zip. Keep this guide and its visual assets
   together:
   - START-HERE.txt
   - FIRST-SESSION.txt
   - VISUAL-GUIDE.html
   - alpha-guide/screenshots/
   - Mesh-alpha-<revision>-macos-<architecture>.zip
   - Mesh-alpha-<revision>-macos-<architecture>.json
   - Mesh-alpha-<revision>-macos-<architecture>.sha256

2. Open Terminal in that folder and run:

   shasum -a 256 -c ./Mesh-alpha-*.sha256

   Continue only if the result says OK. A checksum failure means the received app must not be
   opened.

3. Quit every running copy of Mesh before extracting or opening this build. macOS can otherwise
   send the new Open request to the already-running older process. Never extract a new build over
   a Mesh.app that is running; keep each received build in its own new folder.

4. Extract the exact inner application archive (not the outer delivery ZIP):

   ditto -x -k ./Mesh-alpha-*.zip .

5. In Finder, try to open Mesh.app once. This ad-hoc build may be blocked because macOS cannot
   verify its developer. On macOS 15 or later, open System Settings → Privacy & Security within
   about one hour of that blocked attempt, scroll to Security, choose Open Anyway for Mesh,
   authenticate, then read the warning and choose Open.

   Continue only when the warning says macOS cannot verify the developer. If macOS says the app
   is damaged, will damage your computer, or contains malware, stop and report the exact message;
   do not choose Open Anyway. Never disable Gatekeeper or remove quarantine metadata.

   Compare the 12-character Build value in Mesh's footer with the revision in the received ZIP,
   JSON, and SHA256 filenames.

   Then open VISUAL-GUIDE.html for the illustrated flow and FIRST-SESSION.txt for the short,
   observable alpha mission and feedback checklist. This START-HERE guide remains the safety and
   recovery reference.

6. Keep the original project folder as your untouched backup. In Mesh:
   - the React shell is the only visible alpha interface; Workspaces, Import, Current, Files,
     Changes, Review, Versions, Update destination, and Restore are separate pages
     if a new screen fails or you need to compare behavior;
   - choose or paste the original folder and preview it;
   - create the private workspace;
   - use Start Codex on this version for one agent, or Start another agent copy for a second independent folder;
   - never give the same pinned agent folder to two agents;
   - after every Codex session, terminal, and editor using that agent folder stops, choose
     Finish agent handoff and confirm;
   - that confirmed Finish inspects the complete native result and privately saves unambiguous
     file and folder changes in one action;
   - if Mesh finds a rename, deletion, symbolic link, or unsupported entry, review and resolve the
     explicit queue instead; Mesh never guesses structural identity;
   - inspect and record the review;
   - Review shows a recorded exact saved version, not a live filesystem browser. If a new file is
     already saved but Review still shows an earlier version, use Current → Refresh, then return
     to Review and choose Record reviewed version. The visual guide includes this recovery path;
   - because approval is unavailable in this ad-hoc build, use Choose export folder after the
     review to recover useful saved work into a different ordinary folder. Preview the whole saved
     workspace, read every create/replace/remove batch, and confirm only the exact plan you expect;
     never select the untouched original project as this private-export destination;
   - use Workspace versions to open earlier or current saved points as independent native folders.
   - if something fails, open More workspace actions and choose Copy safe diagnostics. The copied
     summary excludes file contents, paths, configuration, event history, and keys; paste it into
     feedback together with the 12-character Build value.

This ad-hoc build has no Apple-validated application identity. macOS therefore cannot grant it the
app-scoped data-protection keychain access required for Mesh's Secure Enclave approval credential.
The app reports Approval unavailable instead of offering a setup action. Do not use this archive to
test approval or Update original folder: both require a separately Developer-ID-signed build with
validated application identity and continuity across upgrades. The explicit private export above is
the supported way to copy reviewed alpha work out without claiming approval or changing the original.
The original project remains the untouched backup while you test native folders, agents, private saves, reviews, and version switches, plus private export.

The stable working-folder shortcut follows the workspace version you open in Mesh. A pinned agent
folder deliberately does not: it stays on the exact version that agent received. Mesh never
silently synchronizes changes back to the original folder and preserves external conflicts for
manual review.

For ordinary editor work, you may enable Automatically save safe native edits privately. The
choice survives app restart and reuses the exact inspected, signed Save all privately path. The
window may be hidden while the Mesh process remains running; returning to it performs an immediate
check if macOS deferred the background timer.
Deletions, renames, links, special entries, active agent folders, and changing files still stop for
review. A full quit performs no capture; reopening performs another complete scan.

Do not use this alpha as the only copy of important work. Report any unexpected write, lost file,
wrong-version folder, checksum failure, or approval mismatch before continuing the test.

עברית — לפני הפתיחה הראשונה

זו גרסת אלפא ניסיונית למחשבי Mac עם Apple silicon. היא אינה חתומה באמצעות Developer ID ואינה
מאושרת בתהליך notarization של Apple. לכן macOS עשויה לדרוש אישור פתיחה מפורש. אין להשבית את
Gatekeeper ואין להסיר את סימון ההורדה. פעלו לפי הוראות האימות והפתיחה שלמעלה; אם אינכם בטוחים,
בקשו עזרה ממי שהזמין אתכם לבדיקה.

שמרו עותק גיבוי נפרד. אין עדכון אוטומטי: סגרו את הגרסה הישנה לפני פתיחת הגרסה החדשה, ואל תמחקו
את נתוני היישום או תיקיות העבודה. לאחר הפתיחה אפשר לבחור עברית בבורר השפה.

בגרסה זו אישור מוגן ועדכון תיקיית המקור אינם זמינים. בדקו ייצוא לעותק פרטי בתיקייה ריקה נפרדת.
ייבוא תיקייה ריקה או תיקייה שמכילה רק נתוני Git אינו נתמך. התחילו מתיקייה שמכילה קובץ או תת-תיקייה.
קראו את ההוראות בעברית בקובץ FIRST-SESSION.txt לפני שימוש בקבצים חשובים.
