MESH SIGNED TECHNICAL ALPHA — START HERE

This consented technical-alpha build is signed with an Apple Developer ID, notarized by Apple,
stapled, and checksum-verifiable. Keep the original project folder as an untouched backup and do
not use this alpha as the only copy of important work.

1. Keep the ZIP, JSON manifest, and SHA256 file together in one new folder. In Terminal run:

   shasum -a 256 -c ./Mesh-signed-alpha-*.sha256

   Continue only if the result says OK.

2. Quit every running copy of Mesh. Extract into a new folder, never over a running Mesh.app:

   ditto -x -k ./Mesh-signed-alpha-*.zip .

   Open VISUAL-GUIDE.html for the illustrated first-session flow, then keep its
   alpha-guide/screenshots folder beside it.

3. Open Mesh.app normally in Finder. If macOS says the developer cannot be verified, stop and
   report it; do not disable Gatekeeper or remove quarantine metadata. Compare the Build value in
   Mesh's footer with the revision prefix in the three received filenames.

4. Keep the original project untouched while testing:
   - preview and import the original folder;
   - work through Open working folder, which follows the saved point opened in Mesh;
   - use Start Codex on this version or Start another agent copy for independent pinned real folders;
   - after every process using an agent folder stops, choose Finish agent handoff;
   - Finish inspects the complete result and privately saves unambiguous file and folder changes;
   - review any rename, deletion, symbolic link, or unsupported entry that Mesh refuses to guess;
   - inspect and record the exact review. Review shows a recorded saved version rather than every
     live filesystem change; if a new file is missing, use Current → Refresh, then return to Review
     and choose Record reviewed version;
   - approve only with the explicit macOS user-presence prompt;
   - preview every destination change before choosing Update original folder.

5. Under Workspace versions, open earlier and current saved points as independent writable native
   folders. The stable working-folder shortcut follows the point opened in Mesh. Existing agents
   deliberately remain pinned to their original real folder.
6. For ordinary editor work, enable Automatically save safe native edits privately and verify that
   a stable file change becomes Saved privately without another click. Confirm that a deletion,
   rename, link, special entry, active agent folder, or continually changing file pauses for review.

Approval authority is local and bound to the signed app identity. Never approve a version you did
not inspect, never share one writable folder between agents, and stop after any unexpected write,
lost file, wrong-version folder, signature warning, or approval mismatch.
